com/example/vcare/QuoteRecViewAdapter.java
 com.example.vcare.QuoteRecViewAdapter
 com.example.vcare.QuoteRecViewAdapter$1
 com.example.vcare.QuoteRecViewAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/vcare/CrisisHotlines.java
 com.example.vcare.CrisisHotlines
 com.example.vcare.CrisisHotlines$1
com/example/vcare/AccountSettings.java
 com.example.vcare.AccountSettings
 com.example.vcare.AccountSettings$1
com/example/vcare/AllSaved.java
 com.example.vcare.AllSaved
 com.example.vcare.AllSaved$1
com/example/vcare/LoginPage.java
 com.example.vcare.LoginPage
 com.example.vcare.LoginPage$1
com/example/vcare/User.java
 com.example.vcare.User
com/example/vcare/Loading.java
 com.example.vcare.Loading
com/example/vcare/ThanksSubmit.java
 com.example.vcare.ThanksSubmit
 com.example.vcare.ThanksSubmit$1
com/example/vcare/Article.java
 com.example.vcare.Article
com/example/vcare/DailyQuote.java
 com.example.vcare.DailyQuote
 com.example.vcare.DailyQuote$1
 com.example.vcare.DailyQuote$2
 com.example.vcare.DailyQuote$3
com/example/vcare/PrivacyPolicy.java
 com.example.vcare.PrivacyPolicy
 com.example.vcare.PrivacyPolicy$1
com/example/vcare/JournalPage.java
 com.example.vcare.JournalPage
 com.example.vcare.JournalPage$1
com/example/vcare/AccountInfo.java
 com.example.vcare.AccountInfo
 com.example.vcare.AccountInfo$1
com/example/vcare/Mindfulness.java
 com.example.vcare.Mindfulness
 com.example.vcare.Mindfulness$1
 com.example.vcare.Mindfulness$2
com/example/vcare/AboutUs.java
 com.example.vcare.AboutUs
com/example/vcare/Quote.java
 com.example.vcare.Quote
com/example/vcare/SavedItem.java
 com.example.vcare.SavedItem
com/example/vcare/articleRecViewAdapter.java
 com.example.vcare.articleRecViewAdapter
 com.example.vcare.articleRecViewAdapter$1
 com.example.vcare.articleRecViewAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/vcare/Prompt.java
 com.example.vcare.Prompt
com/example/vcare/SavedRecViewAdapter.java
 com.example.vcare.SavedRecViewAdapter
 com.example.vcare.SavedRecViewAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/vcare/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.vcare.BuildConfig
com/example/vcare/ArticleWebView.java
 com.example.vcare.ArticleWebView
 com.example.vcare.ArticleWebView$1
 com.example.vcare.ArticleWebView$2
 com.example.vcare.ArticleWebView$Callback
com/example/vcare/ForgotPassPage.java
 com.example.vcare.ForgotPassPage
 com.example.vcare.ForgotPassPage$1
com/example/vcare/SavedScreen.java
 com.example.vcare.SavedScreen
com/example/vcare/Citations.java
 com.example.vcare.Citations
 com.example.vcare.Citations$1
com/example/vcare/HomeScreen.java
 com.example.vcare.HomeScreen
com/example/vcare/RegisterPage.java
 com.example.vcare.RegisterPage
 com.example.vcare.RegisterPage$1
 com.example.vcare.RegisterPage$1$1
com/example/vcare/Menu.java
 com.example.vcare.Menu
